# wow
We Offer Wellness Health Information Management Systems Project
Group Member: Sitong Wu (sw3455),  Benjamin Wang (yw5211)

The goal of this project is to help us learn the full stack engineering of a health information management system from scratch of database design to the actual feasible implementation for different user use cases. We want to learn how to implement our OLTP Database Design into this real-life case with user-friendly web design in RESTful style and easy access to further data visualization and analysis. 

WOW(We Offer Wellness) as our client possesses a number of hospitals. For all of the hospitals, WOW requires a standard data format for OLTP database schema design. In this case, we should include information management of patients, different essential workers, room, scheduling, lab, pharmacy, billing, insurances, etc in our basic database design. For the actual design, we will use Oracle Datamodeler to generate the ddl file. For web application implementation, we divide the whole project into three layers: display, logic, and data as shown in Figure 01. In each layer, we decide to use certain frameworks or tools to satisfy our needs. First, we decided to use the popular Spring Boot to do most of the logic work which also contains the database connection function and restful API interface. It will handle most of the logic work such as role-based authentication can be done by Spring AOP. MyBatis-Plus was used as the middleware to make the connection with the database easier and coding needed for basic CRUD less. For the database, we are considering using Oracle SQL which is the same company's work as Java SDK. For the display layer, there will be two branches. For the developer branch, we will use Swagger UI to test the interface and API in real-time which allows us to debug gracefully. For the user branch, we are planning to use Node.js to finish the HTML display and user interface. 

Moreover, since both of us did not have relevant experience with Data Warehouse implementation, we will use AWS for now, and do more research on how exactly we can implement it with our centralized system and data transformation with the OLTP system. For data visualization, we will use Tableau as the tool to extract data and generate analytical charts and graphs with the test cases.
 
To successfully accomplish our goal, our group plans to meet at least one time per week in person to discuss and review each other’s work to know exactly where we are.  To better track our progress, we plan to use the project roadmap as a basic guideline and arrange a two-week period for each section, and depending on the actual workload, we anticipate the actual web application can take as long as three weeks. At the end of our project, there are key functions we want to achieve: different access rights depending on user logins, essential cybersecurity capabilities, data transformation between OLTP database and Data warehouse, data query for further analytical goals. In the end, we want to have these functions achieved before December so that we have time remaining for more testing, demo presentation, and final report.
